look at this straight see Bobby you come
crawling to be after all these years is
I have bright nose like a guide your
slave oh ho hold on a second there Sam
sorry fuck that just shout now with
gleam your offer but I have two things
to say so sit back let me tell you
something right I've been drinking my
kind of drunk wheels really traveling
off in the candy cane forest doing a
nice huh that's an egg God miss those
little guys who drink what else I gonna
do having an older liquor highway but I
jovi some stuff you need to get some
unemployment benefits for elves have
been laid off cuz we live at the door
hold okay now I want to work opportunity
those guys all right let me let me say
so ah I know all these years hey hey hey
guys join me a good break out of duty
reindeer whatever Phil turn down here
after year turns out my buddy pull my
ass up
brother too haha
I'm so the other clothes now
I know happy on it tonight oh yeah I
know what imma do all those other
radiator jerks so we can do a play was
kick the crap out of the kid with the
glowing red know that very fun Luna he
told me games you'll use a Colleen loser
okay I'm not very great my stuff but not
very great advice you just stood there
shuffling with your bowl full of jelly
belly good guy great here to nap here
your slave ship lay off the milk and
cookies they're like a tattoo be okay I
know it's not your fault that you could
have intervened okay let me tell you
something I just drove at those but to
those other reindeer guys good as you
think you are or they think they are
you know who the f dash mount number one
everybody refers my name erature dancer
and Prancer don't make we know it's done
retsu tramp I said you're super tired
Blissett I think they're not subsided
Cupid you're okay all right I thought
I'd you too but yeah and I felt good to
get off my chest as the first time I
have to yell at anybody maybe all true
okay maybe with some encouragement I
forget what the other you guess that be
I do it for the kids all right and the
real spirit of Christmas material wealth
do this I got a wish list myself okay
first top of the list if I hear any
laughs at her calling me names while
we're up in the sky I put her down okay
shuffle I liked it too big dance
carsten bucks to come touch my weird
nose second wish as I'm telling this I
think it's going to be in a pretty good
story so I want trademark on any sort
Rudolph song my animation right so I see
some played asian crab apple TV speaking
of which Oh twenty percent they'll be
cookies this year okay five percent
every year after 4th demand one night
with vixen
i watch it
feeling yeah we leave for an hour okay
Thomas Claus brought up a copy I'm sober
up a little bit give you some me time
sweet exactly right that's like what you
reckon to let's do this let's go down it
stop me yeah root up top
you